Add support to the My Account to adopt the new Authz Runtime (#4403)
wso2/identity-apps: .changeset/odd-crabs-tickle.md

---
"@wso2is/myaccount": minor
---

> Revamp MY Account portal to support non SaaS application behaviour

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support to the My Account to adopt the new Authz Runtime
```
